Title: Product Care and Maintenance

----

Text: 

###Conditioning Arboria Furniture

To condition or recondition your outdoor furniture we recommend usage of a number of widely available furniture oils. Conditioning before first use is optional, but if choosing to do so, it is easiest to apply prior to assembly. This conditioning will revitalize the wood after what may have been a long duration since it received its factory applied oil finish. Howard's Orange Oil comes in a handy spray bottle (www.howardproducts.com, 1.800.266.9545), and Watco makes a series of quality products including Teak Oil (www.westernwooddoctor.com, 1.800.323.3584). Regular reconditioning will keep the outdoor lawn furniture looking its best. Ensure that your furniture is dry before reconditioning. With this in mind, you may find it easiest to recondition your furniture as you take it out for the season or after it has been kept in dry storage for the winter. Include retightening bolts and screws, that may have loosened with use, as part of this routine.

After 12-48 months your patio furniture may have silvered under the sun's rays. This is a natural occurrence and is often viewed as a favorable state. Alternatively, if you wish to recapture a darker look, we recommend applying an oil stain. Two good options are Cabot's Australian Timber Oil (www.cabotstain.com, 1.800.USStain) and Penofin's Hardwood Penetrating Oil Finish (www.penofin.com, 1.800.PENOFIN). Both are widely available and contain solids that will restore a darker color to the wood. Please be sure to follow the manufacturer's directions for preparation and application.

###Conditioning Garden Structures

To stabilize and protect your unstained or unpainted Arboria garden structure from the natural aging process, we recommend applying a quality water or oil-based finish to the product. Best results can be achieved by using Penofin (www.penofin.com, 1.800.PENOFIN) as per manufacturer's instructions. If you desire to paint your product, we recommend a quality oil or acrylic primer coat prior to applying the final coat(s). Be sure to allow sufficient time for your product to dry. Avoid applying finish to any metal or non-wood parts, as well as any sections of your product which have a factory applied color stain.

###Natural Aging Process

Your outdoor lawn furniture is made from strong and durable hardwood that will provide you with many years of handsome service. Your patio furniture has been finished with a deep penetrating linseed oil-based coating that will preserve and enhance the wood's natural beauty. This factory applied oil has UV-inhibitors and is mildew resistant to protect from the damaging effects of sunlight and moisture, however, like all wood products subjected to weather, small hairline cracks may develop. These will in no way impair the strength and usefulness of the furniture, nor should they be considered a product defect or failure. Remember, every piece of wood furniture is unique.

----

Description: 

----

Imagecaption: 24" x 33" EZ Plant Elevated Garden